What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Typing git init will create a new instance of git in that folder. This allows us to see and commit changes. It's created as a hidden file you can find with ls -a.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a place where you can modify and tweak whatever it is you're working on before it gets saved in the repository. Its a good spot in beween the other to to check wha your code does and whether or not it will break.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
You can use git diff to see how many / what changes you have made in the working and staging area just before you write your commit message. Git diff --staging will show the differences. This ensures the message matches what was actually committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
Branches are helpful for when we are trying out new versions of whatever we are coding. Branches help us explore different paths for different features without fear of breaking anything major in the master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They are a literal visualization of the branch structure. They show the relationship of the commits and how they branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branches leaves untouched parts of the code the way they were, and adds or deletes parts to the master. Commits/changes are listed by their timestamps. 
All prior commits are saved as well.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
It's great to have all changes automatically merged without any extra effort. When it comes to doing merges manually, you can catch bugs as they crop up, but it can be far more tedious.